feature_extraction/README.md, before:

To extract features from GazeCom data, run AnnotateDataAll. 
If some alterations are needed, make sure to change paths in that file not to override the existing .arff feature files!

If you want to extract features from another data set, you can manually run the AnnotateData function in a loop for all 
the needed files (run as `AnnotateData('path/to/input/file.arff', 'path/to/output/file.arff')`).

The .arff files to be processed need to have at least 4 columns:  
* x,      		the x coordinate of gaze location (in pixels, in case of GazeCom)
* y,      		the x coordinate of gaze location (in pixels, in case of GazeCom)
* time,   		the timestamp of the respective sample (in microseconds)
* confidence		the tracking confidence value (from the eye tracker).

In the feature extraction scripts, the "acceptable" confidence level is set to 0.75: 
every sample with confidence value below this threshold will be discarded (features 
set to zero). In GazeCom, the confidence values are either 0 or 1 (0 meaning lost tracking,
1 meaning normal tracking). If your data does not have such information, set confidence
to 1 for all samples.

Commit message:

Matlab utilities for arff file handling added to the repository

feature_extraction/README.md, after:

To extract features from GazeCom data, run AnnotateDataAll. 
If some alterations are needed, make sure to change paths in that file (or pass appropriate arguments) not to override the existing .arff feature files!
You can call this function as `AnnotateDataAll(path_to_input_arff_files_folder, path_to_resulting_features_folder)`.

If you want to extract features from another data set, you can manually run the AnnotateData function in a loop for all 
the needed files (run as `AnnotateData('path/to/input/file.arff', 'path/to/output/file.arff')`).

The .arff files to be processed need to have at least 4 columns:  
* x,      		the x coordinate of gaze location (in pixels, in case of GazeCom)
* y,      		the x coordinate of gaze location (in pixels, in case of GazeCom)
* time,   		the timestamp of the respective sample (in microseconds)
* confidence		the tracking confidence value (from the eye tracker).

In the feature extraction scripts, the "acceptable" confidence level is set to 0.75: 
every sample with confidence value below this threshold will be discarded (features 
set to zero). In GazeCom, the confidence values are either 0 or 1 (0 meaning lost tracking,
1 meaning normal tracking). If your data does not have such information, set confidence
to 1 for all samples.


### REQUIRED PACKAGES: ###

- glob: Download the archive from https://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/40149-expand-wildcards-for-files-and-directory-names, 
extract the glob.m file and add its folder to your MATLAB path
- add arff_utils to your MATLAB path if you want to use them outside the provided scripts (if you use AnnotateData, this folder will be automatically added to your path)

### ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS ### 

The MATLAB utilities for handling ARFF files (in arff_utils/) are from the https://web.gin.g-node.org/ioannis.agtzidis/matlab_utils repository, which contains
many more functions (only the ones necessary for feature extraction scripts were copied here).
